We propose an opinion formation model which takes an individual's opinion  transition probability into consideration. In the model, each individual updates his .
Even if i defend my opinion with logic and reasoning you still get hat.
ABSTRACT We propose an opinion formation model which takes an individual's  opinion transition probability into consideration. In the model, each individual?...
An individual is a person or a specific object. Individuality (or selfhood) is the  state or quality of being an individual; particularly of being a person separate  from?...
Individual definition, a single human being, as distinguished from a group. See  more.
Synonyms for individual at Thesaurus.com with free online thesaurus, antonyms,  and definitions. Dictionary and Word of the Day.
There was a report on the news about an individual seen taking a child from a  mall in another state that was posted on National news in an attempt to find the?...
Definition of individual in the Online Dictionary. Meaning of individual.  Pronunciation of individual. Translations of individual. individual synonyms,  individual?...
individual - definition, meaning, audio pronunciation, synonyms and more. What  is individual? a single person or thing, especially when compared to the group?...
The word individual is all about being a single entity that cannot be divided. It can  mean person or even personal. An army is made up of individual soldiers,?...
Every individual is equal before and under the law and has the right to the equal  protection and equal benefit of the law without discrimination [?]. An object, be?...
2Of or for a particular person: the individual needs of the children. More example  ... 2.1Designed for use by one person: a casserole served in individual portions.
A fairness opinion is a professional evaluation by an investment bank or other  third party as to whether the terms of a merger, acquisition, buyback, spin-off,?...
24 Apr 2015 ... The Opinion Pages | Editorial ... A merger of the nation's two largest cable  companies would have created a telecom giant with tremendous?...
Your vote is critical, because we cannot complete the merger unless the  shareholders of both Merck and ..... Annex B: Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities  Inc.
Opinion: How A Merger May Be A Zero-Sum Deal. What Harris-Exelis merger  tells us about the U.S. defense sector. Feb 27, 2015 Antoine Gelain | Aviation?...
The preparation and issuance of opinion letters is governed by the Firm's policies  ... (the ?Seller?) in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger?...
22 Apr 2015 ... Assistant Editorial Page Editor James Freeman on the drivers of the mergers  boomlet. Photo credit: Getty Images.
22 Apr 2015 ... The drivers of the mergers boomlet. Plus. the former First Lady's first week of  campaigning, how global disorder is driving Africans to Europe,?...
15 May 2015 ... As Sunday's unprecedented referendum on Osaka Mayor Toru Hashimoto's  merger plan approaches, opinion polls show that voters are still?...
3 Apr 2015 ... The massive Comcast-Time Warner merger is anything but certain. The  landscape has changed, as headlines throughout the country have?...
21 hours ago ... A scant three months after regulators torpedoed Time Warner Cable's proposed  merger with Comcast, the company found a new suitor, as part?...
