This article lists airline mergers and acquisitions, with a brief history of each: Air  Berlin. 2006 - Acquired dba; 2007 - Acquired HLX; 2007 - Acquired LTU; 2009?...
A series of bankruptcies and mergers over the last 12 years has taken what had  been 12 major U.S. airlines down to four mega-carriers which dominate the?...
11 Aug 2014 ... Airline mergers are great for shareholders and business travelers, but they're  negligible for steerage class.
21 Jan 2015 ... Perhaps we're not yet done with airline mergers after all. After four blockbuster  airline mergers during the past decade, many industry observers?...
U.S. Airline Mergers and Acquisitions. The table below is an?...
9 Apr 2015 ... Eastern. TWA. Braniff. Northwest. Pan Am. Are there are other potential airline  mergers in the near future?
What impact do commercial airline mega-mergers have on fares, operations, and  ... a discussion of the implications of mega-mergers on the future of the airline?...
the airline is a day and night airport coach service, taking you to Heathrow &  Gatwick airports from Oxford. With more legroom, free Wi-Fi and power sockets,  the?...
Find travel deals and flights on united.com. Book airline tickets and MileagePlus  award tickets to more than 350 international and U.S. destinations.
Malaysia Airlines is "technically bankrupt", its chief executive has said, as he  announced a restructuring programme and plans to cut about?...
American Airlines has airline tickets, cheap flights, vacation packages and  American Airlines AAdvantage bonus mile offers at AA.com.
An airline is a company that provides air transport services for traveling  passengers and freight. Airlines lease or own their aircraft with which to supply  these?...
Official Southwest Airlines website, the only place to find Southwest Airlines fares  online. Book lowest airfare deals, view flight schedules, get flight status, and?...
Delta Air Lines leads in domestic and international travel. Find airline tickets &  airfare discounts to your destination. Book your flights & vacations today with?...
Alaska Airlines offers low airfare on all airline tickets, including discount flights on  Hawaii vacations and Mexico vacation packages. Book your travel today.
