.@FiveThirtyEight goes ridiculously deep into the world of crossword puzzle tournaments url
Nothing better than stories on crossword puzzle tournaments. url
.@bletchleypark also recruited linguists, chess champs, &amp; winners of complex Daily Telegraph crossword puzzle tournaments. #ENIGMA
Crossword Puzzle Tournaments Most people would do crossword puzzles in their url
@SaysDanica if you need/want suggestions: Wordplay. It's about crossword puzzle tournaments. It's the best ever.
Review of the documentary "Wordplay," about the "New York Times" crossword puzzle and crossword puzzle tournaments. url
I need to start bringing a book to work or a crossword puzzle to help keep me awake 
in denial that i have work tomorrow at 630 am...so im in bed working on a crossword puzzle in a people magazine...
*imagines Justin Ripley in a fuzzy sweater drinking hot chocolate and solving a crossword puzzle*
@Charlie_Sanders &lt;angrily shuts his window...goes back to crossword puzzle&gt;
Sigourney Weaver would kick all of these peoples collective butts and have time to do a crossword puzzle or two. #TrashTue
This is pretty much the best crossword puzzle ever! Now @amer_pharoah has really made it! pic.twitter.com/9D2xgKu0pa
*looks up from crossword puzzle*

"What's the past tense of cat? Because someone ran your's over this morning."
Nice crossword puzzle correction here: url
Are you ready to solve a new Korean crossword puzzle? : ) url
So excited! I finished the Sunday NY Times crossword puzzle!! From January..
Pick up Monday's Japan Times and test your knowledge of last week's news with our Japan-themed crossword puzzle. pic.twitter.com/nMqndhjH53
May 6 na ties for the crossword puzzle! I think you know who you are. Be ready for a tie-breaker round nalang. Good night, peeps!  ~ctrix
Rhyan made me a book to read on the plane and my very own crossword puzzle.. How cute. 
That time Werner Herzog broke into some strangers' home and finished their crossword puzzle. url
good morning. here's a kate bush crossword puzzle &amp; a photo of siouxsie sioux at the beach. pic.twitter.com/SOkF5BMeym
The only proper way to read the Beige Book is to put on reading glasses, eat a Werther's Original, and have a crossword puzzle by your side
Keep your mind sharp with your daily crossword puzzle or sudoku here url
Crossword Puzzle Painting!  On Etsy: url
